# spring-boot-employee-aws-lambda
An Employee (CRUD) Spring Boot application deployable in AWS.
That uses H2 database or AWS RDS (mysql) Database having the records generated by a AWS lambda.

## Explanation of work done
Employee list, add and delete spring boot application
Database is in AWS RDS with a direct public access enabled Gateway.
Access can be restricted so that once application is in same VPC, database access can be made possible.
Basic Spring security enabled with a user restriction along with security starter pack (not fully tested)
Code is made to keep it for simple application
Thymeleaf templates are used as view response in UI
MVC Design pattern is used with Controller, Model (database entities) and View (thymeleaf templates)

Table is Employee within AWS RDS (database is dbdemo)
id (auto-increment)
name
email
phone_no (kept as long int for now)

Initially tested with H2 for quick check. Then made it mysql db hosted in AWS RDS.



## Improvements that can be done
Unit tests
Exportable embedded JAR is ready. To test along within AWS EB
AWS S3 can be used to store CV of the employee. For non-relational data, only CV considered here.
Ajax calls in the application for CV upload to S3, no-page refresh during Employee deletion request.
By adding additional attribute in the Employee table.
Security of user integration can be debugged and user entry should be based on initial authentication.
AWS code deploy, build and commit can be used to automate build pipeline (similar to jenkins)
Provisioning of AWS environment can be done with Terraform (not explored, separate thing)
Amazon API Gateway to filter ingress/egress traffic to the application hosted in AWS Elastic Beanstalk.






